E-PORTFOLIO WRITTEN CONTENTLink – www.andrewhunter.lol  (scroll to ENC SECTION on home page)Bio:I was born in Minnesota, where I grew up with all four seasons before deciding to move south to the sunny state of Florida. My interest in computers began at a young age but wasn’t until my gap year that my passion truly ignited. During that period, I spent countless hours exploring the internet, diving deep into the world of software development, and discovered how much I enjoyed creating solutions through code. Today, I am focused on building meaningful and creative software for people to use. From a beautiful frontend to a functional backend, software needs to flow. I also believe a lot of information within the software development industry is withheld unnecessarily. Everyone deserves access to the tools and knowledge that can help them create innovative solutions, and I’m committed to sharing what I learn with others in the space.  Together, my goal is not only to develop software but help others understand how to use it as a means of solving problems and making their lives easier. Through my work, I want to foster collaboration through open-source contributions and share opportunities software development has granted me. Software doesn’t have to be complex, messy, or hard to use, but can be accessible and applicable to your everyday life.BODY OF WORKTRADE JOUNRAL: The Fierce NetworkContext: This project was a class assignment for Strategic Writing and Communication, aimed at exploring and analyzing trade publications relevant to specific industries.Description: Researched and summarized the key elements of the trade publication Fierce Network. The deliverable included a breakdown of its target audience, publication style, and the type of content published.What It Demonstrates: This project highlights my ability to analyze industry-specific content and communicate findings effectively. It also reflects my attention to detail and strategic understanding of targeted communication.PLACE BASED BRAND PROJECT: GatorWalk Context: Created as part of a branding pitch for Gainesville's University of Florida campus to attract students and visitors. Description: Developed the "GatorWalk" concept, which emphasizes UF's unique culture and campus landmarks. The project included a pitch document and detailed branding strategies.What It Demonstrates: This work showcases my creativity in place branding and my ability to connect storytelling with strategic marketing to appeal to specific audiences.NATIVE ADVERTISNG: LululemonContext: Designed for a class project to evaluate native advertising techniques and craft an ad concept for Lululemon.Description: Created a native ad strategy using TikTok's algorithm to target users interested in fitness and lifestyle, promoting Lululemon's sunset lamp product.What It Demonstrates: This project reflects my understanding of digital marketing trends, audience segmentation, and creating engaging, platform-specific content.CONTENT MARKETING: CordaRoy’sContext: A class project involving a detailed content marketing strategy for CordaRoy’s, a local Gainesville company.Description: Created a content marketing pitch outlining themes, audience engagement strategies, key performance indicators (KPIs), and ROI analysis. Developed a Signature Story and Knowledge Branding content as part of the strategy.What It Demonstrates: This project underscores my ability to create data-driven marketing strategies that align with business goals while maintaining a creative edge.E-PORTFOLIO: www.andrewhunter.lol Context: The culmination of this class, this portfolio brings together all the work completed during the semester, highlighting growth and skills development.Description: The portfolio includes a biography, resume, and detailed descriptions of each project, presented through a visually engaging HTML/CSS framework.What It Demonstrates: This e-portfolio reflects my design and organizational skills, as well as my ability to integrate feedback and refine work to produce a cohesive digital presentation.Closing EssayThis semester has been a transformative journey of learning and application. Through each project, my ability to research and strategize written content significantly improved. Each project also brought its own challenges and opportunities, pushing me to think differently and refine my current skills.  Examples of how the coursework helped me improve:The trade journal project stood as an introduction to analyzing industry-specific content. The option to choose a journal in my respective industry helped me double down on applying those skills to my career development. This project helped me understand the nuances of targeting specific audiences and how industries crafter their messages to meet professional and consumer needs. The main takeaway is this project highlighted the importance of context and precision in communication and how structured written writing can deliver that message. Another project that bridged the gap between learning and application was the place-based branding project. By building out an interactive web page for the “GatorWalk”, I was able to push my web development skills by combining technical expertise with strategic communication. For example, it taught me how to connect ideas to real-world experiences like campus tours and communicate that experience virtually through words and software. The content marketing proposal for CordaRoy taught the valuable lessons of “measuring” your content. Having a strong pitch and a proposed system for measuring the success of your content is crucial in the world of communication. Learning the importance of KPIs and how companies expect a return on investment (ROI) for content campaigns is a crucial component of business.Overall, the coursework offered in this class strengthened my ability to think critically, communicate effectively, and execute projects with a purpose. All projects were able to grow my current skillsets in combination with learning new ones. I’ve not only gained technical skills but also a greater appreciation for the balance between creativity and strategy. This is a balance that can be brought over to the world of software development as well.